README.md, before:

# Portfolio template design

*Automatically synced with your [v0.dev](https://v0.dev) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.dev-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).

## Latest Updates

- Updated third project video to use new x_video_05 file (updated on: June 27, 2024)

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design](https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.dev](https://v0.dev)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

Commit message:

Update README: rename to Arc Lab Technology and log branding change

README.md, after:

# Arc Lab Technology — Portfolio

*Automatically synced with your [v0.dev](https://v0.dev) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.dev-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.dev](https://v0.dev).

## Latest Updates

- Updated third project video to use new x_video_05 file (updated on: June 27, 2024)
- Branding updated from Off-design to Arc Lab Technology (updated on: Sept 23, 2025)

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design](https://vercel.com/lenxisms-projects/v0-portfolio-template-design)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca](https://v0.dev/chat/projects/0INS7N2xMca)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.dev](https://v0.dev)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
